for a hard first he the the
religion as a leader
summer cut pc area
in a rain about right and
Decisive good between
ran
the whole organization coming
minutes before the start how it looks
managed to look at the track
which of course is again like you
make for me is very steep or
very long day high over ten man so
the super nice here is the departure
Rear is very technical without that
actually a highlight of the route
and I'm actually looking forward to punishment
the torment the duh and that
then you have fun and is also great
organized everything because my next
probably therefore comes when you
fall over tomorrow and then you wish her
just
March
even if their offspring to complaints
In the end he came through the fight
curves
Stefan
help
watching the swiss tv
many drivers are sure that i will
here
Now the winner of the state in
easier to celebrate with due dignity
it is
against the americans we interviewed the
city land and the train
which I think is good from the organizer
art every starter of this year
a free start big praise
August to stay for your duty and
a case for the next year but also
prize money covered